well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about uh
inventories stocks
and something that i see on the horizon
a couple other people have noticed it
i've noticed some articles about it
um if you've been watching this channel
a while you remember about eight months
ago
i went through and explained the
economics
behind masks and i talked about
the various kinds and how effective they
were now keep in mind this is before
it got here
the reason i talked about it because if
you
watched that long ago you know i wasn't
really that concerned i didn't think it
was going to come here because i didn't
think the politicians were going to get
in the way the people that actually know
what they're doing
let it never be said that i can't take a
joke
okay so i went through and explained
that n95 masks had gone from a dollar to
just at the idea that it might come here
and i said that if it did come here you
wouldn't be able to get them
i explained the difference between an
n95 a surgical
cloth and a respirator
said it might be a good idea to get it
even though i wasn't worried about it
the fact that i put that little caveat
in there
saying that i wasn't incredibly worried
about it i have been
kicking myself for the last eight months
over that
so i'm not going to do that this time
my best guess is that in another
month maybe two we're going to see
another round
of uh empty shelves
won't last long shouldn't anyway
but come winter you're probably going to
see some shortages again
we've had lower production we're
going to have higher demand because of
the holidays
and things are already a little strained
so now if you have the means
if you can get ahead now you can reduce
some of that strain
if you can get what you need now and
just set it back
you can help other people make sure they
get what they need
then so
i'm talking about canned food stuff like
that go ahead and get some of it put it
back
a huge advocate of having a stash anyway
just because i live in florida and
hurricanes and whatnot
doesn't matter where you live there is
something that can interrupt the supply
chain in your area
so stuff is good for years the cans are
good for years
get some set it back get some paper
towels toilet paper
any of the stuff you think you might
need just lay on a little bit extra
so you have it so you don't become
one of those people that is out there
trying to
trying to get with whatever's available
you want to reduce that strain
so if you can fill your needs now ahead
of time
before the strain becomes apparent do it
worst case scenario it takes you a while
to get through your stuff and you didn't
need it
best case scenario is you you actually
help
and you make sure that there's one less
person out there
trying to obtain stuff when it happens
again i see this as something that's
likely
all right i'm not saying it's going to
happen i don't want to
trigger panic um but because
i was kind of like i don't worry about
it i'm not going to say that anymore
um i do
i do see that as something that is
possible
something that i think is likely to
happen that we're going to see some
shortages
come winter if you have the ability
take yourself out of that equation now
go ahead
and get uh get what you need now
so you're not one of the people out
there straining the system then
just set it back and carry on as normal
do your normal shopping but this way if
there is a shortage
you have that little stash set back so
your comfort food stuff like that
anything that is shelf stable
and will last go and pick it up if you
have the means
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day